Interest groups limit section FAQ (#5849)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/fledge-api/interest-groups/index.md

`dailyUpdateUrl` provides a mechanism to periodically update the attributes of the interest group, but this update is not based on the user's browsing history. 
{% endDetails %}

{% Details %}
{% DetailsSummary %}

> ### What is an owner's interest group limit for a single browser?

Author: ```suggestion
### What's the maximum number of interest groups per-group owner for a single user?
```

Author: @samdutton per your suggestion
